saster is the place where all the sas
tech companies come together
we just happen to love for five ten
fifteen thousand of us to get together
every year
it feels like a reunion when you come to
disaster it feels like it's a community
and a place where the software industry
can connect
i never expected so many sas companies
here
[Music]
i miss this you know i miss connect and
i just connected with a whole panel of
cmos from unbelievably successful
companies just walk the floor and meet
every ceo and swap notes
you talk to people and you think you're
smart when you arrive here then you
realize everybody else is smarter
you're missing out on meeting some of
the best other minds who are tackling
the same problems that you are
you have to be as good as you can get
and part of that is learning from the
best and they have such a solid lineup
of speakers that you can't ignore
i love all of the ways to learn
i want to share those experiences with
others in the community but at the same
time i'm constantly learning
this is by far the most fun annual ever
here to sass it up and get sassy today
[Music]
we're surrounded by brands by logos that
we need to be in front of all of the
companies that we could potentially
invest in are at saster
they're going to come and show the world
what they're doing and it's new and it's
exciting but also the categories that
already exist are getting revisited
reimagined and they're growing and
they're showcasing how they're doing it
right here at saster
[Music]